remove generation parent assignment from graph building (#1004)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/remove-water-bottle.md

---

> "@finos/legend-graph": patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"@finos/legend-graph": minor
```

> "@finos/legend-studio": patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"@finos/legend-studio": minor
```

---

> Move logic of getching generated element's parent from graph building to generated elements editor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rework the logic of resolving the generation parent for generated elements
```
